- [Instructor] One often overlooked part
of application design is service abstractions.
One of the first things we need to discuss
is why even build service abstractions.
One of the primary cases is to encapsulate
layers of your code.
Often, you want to separate your view layer
from your data layer, and building service abstractions
between them allow you to build business logic
into a layer that isn't your front end.
They can also be used to extract third-party APIs.
This is very powerful since those vendors
tend to change over time.
By building an abstraction,
you can isolate the impacted code if something does change.
You can also use them to simplify implementations.
Say that you have a data layer for multiple use cases.
You can expose only those implementations necessary
for a given use case in code,
avoiding the noise of those use cases that don't pertain
to your specific business case that you're working on.
They can also be built with multiple implementations,
if needed, such as swapping an SMS provider
based on geolocation, a task I have done just as such.
This is similar to a factory pattern,
and often we use a factory to serve
the proper implementation when needed.
So, now, it's time to talk about how we build one
and, specifically, focusing on the Spring Framework.
So, first of all, we define our interface
or our class if we're not using interfaces,
although at the surface boundary level,
interfaces really are something that you want to focus on.
We then create the API of our interface or class.
Now we get to the point of injecting dependencies,
and this is really where we dig into the IoC container.
If we have multiple implementations
and each of those has multiple dependencies,
we now have to build a whole bunch of code
to create those dependencies
when we create those implementations.
By allowing Spring to manage these dependencies,
they will be injected in at the right time
and they can more effectively be shared,
for instance, if a person data service needs to be shared
across both your accounting services
and your reservation services.
By using dependency injection, we create one instance
of the person service and use it everywhere.
Once we have our service implementation
and the dependencies in it, along with the API,
we can now annotate or configure our class
to be managed by Spring itself
so that it too can be injected where needed.
And then, finally, you will code your implementation
so that it is specific to the use cases at hand.
Now, of course, these can be swapped in order,
but this is generally the direction that I use
when I'm building out a service
because I use a lot of test-driven development.
By creating the class, and the API,
and defining my dependencies, I can now mock it
and test it before the implementation is written.
That way I know that the implementation passing
means that the tests are passing,
which is a very fundamental concept with TDD.